=head1 NAME

Finance::Quote::YahooJapan - A Perl module that enables GnuCash to get quotes of Japanese stocks and funds from Yahoo! JAPAN.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Finance::Quote::YahooJapan is a submodule of Finance::Quote, adds support for Japanese stock and mutual fund quotes.
It allows GnuCash to fetch these quotes from Yahoo! Finance JAPAN L<http://finance.yahoo.co.jp/> with online price update feature.

See my blog article for more detailed information: L<http://liosk.blog103.fc2.com/blog-entry-185.html> (ja)

=head1 USAGE

=head2 1. Install Finance::Quote

Install and setup Finance::Quote module as explained in the GnuCash Help Manual: L<http://svn.gnucash.org/docs/help/acct-create.html#Online-price-setup>

=head2 2. Install Finance::Quote::YahooJapan

a. Locate the directory where Finance::Quote is installed and then put the submodule file F<YahooJapan.pm> at F<Finance/Quote/YahooJapan.pm>.

b. Set the C<FQ_LOAD_QUOTELET> environment variable to C<-defaults YahooJapan> so Finance::Quote will load Finance::Quote::YahooJapan as its submodule.

=head2 3. Setup GnuCash Online Quote Feature

Launch GnuCash and setup your securities as explained in the Manual: L<http://svn.gnucash.org/docs/help/acct-create.html#Online-price-setup>

=head1 LIMITATIONS

Since the behavior change of Yahoo! Finance JAPAN's stock price search, which drove the development of Finance::Quote::YahooJapan Version 0.4, FQ_YahooJapan no longer returns correct answers in some specific cases. Before the change Yahoo returned the securities exactly matched to the ticker symbols in a search query, but now Yahoo returns far more securities that are partially matched to. So it became difficult to determine whether a missing security doesn't exist or is contained in the following paginated result pages.

FQ_YahooJapan follows page links to find missing target securities, but it examines a limited number of pages (3 pages by default) to avoid sending too many requests and taking too much time. This algorithm works well in ordinary use cases. But if a query contains some simple symbols such as "1" and "T", Yahoo returns so many unrelated securities that FQ_YahooJapan can't find other target securities in the query.

When you find FQ_YahooJapan returning "not found" errors on the existing securities, check your query and remove too simple symbols to avoid the problem. Or you can order FQ_YahooJapan to follow page links more eagerly by calling class method C<Finance::Quote::YahooJapan-E<gt>n_pages_per_query($number)>, but it's not recommended because it can cause an undesirable increase of the network load.

=cut
